Allow PR template to catch incomplete tasks (#686)
glotzerlab/signac: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description of [new feature/bug fix/ documentation update]

> <!-- If this change breaks (or has the potential to break) existing functionality, add the `breaking` label. -->

Reviewer: Not all PR authors have privileges to add a label.

Reviewer 2: Should we say:

> Please make sure to mention whether this change breaks (or has the potential to break) existing functionality.

Whoever triages this, should add the `breaking` label then.

Reviewer 3: Agreed

<!-- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description of [new feature/bug fix/ documentation update]

> If this change breaks (or has the potential to break) existing functionality, add the `breaking` label.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- If this change breaks (or has the potential to break) existing functionality, add the `breaking` label. -->
```

<!-- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description
<!-- Describe your changes in detail. -->
<!-- Please indicate if the changes may break existing functionality. -->

## Motivation and Context
<!-- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!-- If it fixes an open issue, please link to the issue here. -->

## Checklist:
<!-- This checklist must be complete before merging the pull request. -->
<!-- If you are unsure about any of these items, do not hesitate to ask! -->
- [ ] I am familiar with the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] I agree with the terms of the [Contributor Agreement](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/ContributorAgreement.md).
- [ ] My name is on the [list of contributors](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/contributors.yaml).

> - [ ] The changes introduced by this pull request are covered by existing or newly introduced **tests**.

Reviewer: It's weird to have _one_ bold word in the entire document. I agreed with the change to remove bold font from the other linked words. Let's not bold this.
```suggestion
- [ ] The changes introduced by this pull request are covered by existing or newly introduced tests.
```

> - [ ] The [package documentation](../tree/master/doc) and [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) in [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) are up to date with these changes.

Reviewer: I suspect this relative link will not work. It doesn't work in the document preview, at least: https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/68c01377a0a42b8c699220bcf0334f7f2c6b3a07/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Can we just use an absolute link like the other links in this document?
```suggestion
- [ ] The [package documentation](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/tree/master/doc) and [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) in [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) are up to date with these changes.
```

Reviewer: If it's not too much information, we could state both the hosted URL and source file locations for both package docs and framework docs:
```suggestion
- [ ] The [package documentation](https://docs.signac.io/projects/core/) in [this repository](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/tree/master/doc) and [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) in [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) are up to date with these changes.
```

<!-- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description
<!-- Describe your changes in detail. -->

> <!-- If possible, please indicate if this change breaks or may break existing functionality, so we can mark it as 'breaking'. -->

Reviewer 3: :+1:

## Motivation and Context
<!-- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!-- If it fixes an open issue, please link to the issue here. -->

## Checklist:

> <!-- Please complete the checklist before the PR can be merged. Reviews can begin while the checklist is in progress. -->

Reviewer: The part about reviews seems unnecessary. Reviews can begin at any point, even on draft PRs. Also made the language more direct/clear.
```suggestion
<!-- This checklist must be complete before merging the pull request. -->
```

Author: I was debating whether to keep the "please" :)

<!-- Provide a general summary of your changes in the Title above -->

## Description
<!-- Describe your changes in detail. -->

> <!-- Please indicate if this change breaks or may break existing functionality, so we can mark it as 'breaking'. -->

Reviewer 2: I think, especially for new or inexperienced contributors, this is very hard to assess.

```suggestion
<!-- If possible, please indicate if this change breaks or may break existing functionality, so we can mark it as 'breaking'. -->
```

## Motivation and Context
<!-- Why is this change required? What problem does it solve? -->
<!-- If it fixes an open issue, please link to the issue here. -->

## Checklist:
<!-- Please complete the checklist before the PR can be merged. Reviews can begin while the checklist is in progress. -->
<!-- If you are unsure about any of these items, do not hesitate to ask! -->
- [ ] I am familiar with the [**Contributing Guidelines**](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).
- [ ] I agree with the terms of the [**Contributor Agreement**](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/ContributorAgreement.md).
- [ ] My name is on the [list of contributors](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/contributors.yaml).
- [ ] My code follows the [code style guideline](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#code-style) of this project.
- [ ] The changes introduced by this pull request are covered by existing or newly introduced tests.

> - [ ] If this PR changes user-facing features or breaks existing APIs, I have created a separate pull request to update the [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) on [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) and included a link here.

Reviewer 2: Still not sure whether it is clear that this should be checked in case this does _not_ apply. Should the reviewers do that?

Reviewer: API breaks don't always require a pull request to signac-docs. I'd even bet that _most_ API breaks do not require changes in the framework documentation.

I agree with Simon that it's not clear that the intended action for most pull requests is to check this box without needing to make a separate change in the documentation. I am having trouble coming up with a wording that is concise and indicates that this box should be checked by default.

Given the difficulty in describing this concisely and the relatively small number of PRs to which it pertains, should we remove the signac-docs item from the checklist? Changes in signac-docs happen pretty infrequently, and perhaps it's better to remove this checkbox and leave it to committers to request that as a part of review. This could be described in the Contributing Guidelines instead.

Author: I agree it's still not clear.
I think we should keep SOME reminder about the docs because failing to update docs (and still passing review) is what precipitated this PR. Even though they are small in number, they are more important to get right.

Maybe create some visible text or subsection called "Do you think the documentation needs to be updated?"

Reviewer: We’re probably just as guilty of forgetting the package docs, let alone the framework docs. Maybe this:

```suggestion
- [ ] The package documentation and [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) in [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) are up to date with these changes.
```

Author: I like this a lot!

- [ ] My name is on the [list of contributors](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/contributors.yaml).
- [ ] My code follows the [code style guideline](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#code-style) of this project.
- [ ] The changes introduced by this pull request are covered by existing or newly introduced tests.

> - [ ] I have determined whether the [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) requires an update (see guidance below). If so, I have created a separate pull request to update it on [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) at this link: glotzerlab/signac-docs/pull#**XXX**

Reviewer: When this text is rendered, the “guidance below” will be invisible in a comment. Readers will not know what this guidance says, only the author of the PR. I think that is potentially confusing. However, we also want to minimize the amount of boilerplate text in each PR. I might suggest a link to the CONTRIBUTING document, and include the description there.

We might also want to unify some of our CONTRIBUTING document with the developer guide in our docs… a single source of info might be better?

<!-- The framework documentation must be updated if:

>         This PR will change user-facing features (labeled "enhancement").

Author: That wasn't obvious to me. Could we rename the label "enhancement" to "internal"?

>         This PR will change user-facing features (labeled "enhancement").

Author: I was thinking that any PR not marked as a bug fix or docs update would be an enhancement. (Even bug fixes are a kind of enhancement)

>         This PR will change user-facing features (labeled "enhancement").

Reviewer: > I was thinking that any PR not marked as a bug fix or docs update would be an enhancement.

That's my stance as well. I just wanted to change the language "will change user-facing features" because it's not broad enough.

        This PR will break things (labeled "breaking").
-->

> <!-- The framework documentation can be left if:

Reviewer: This is probably redundant, the “else” may not need to be stated.

        This PR affects only internal components.
-->

> - [ ] I have updated the [changelog](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/changelog.txt) and added all related issue and pull request numbers for future reference (if applicable). See example below.

Reviewer: Similar issue here with “example below” which is hidden. 🙃

Author: I'll just get rid of it because people can refer to the changelog file itself for examples

- [ ] My name is on the [list of contributors](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/contributors.yaml).
- [ ] My code follows the [code style guideline](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#code-style) of this project.
- [ ] The changes introduced by this pull request are covered by existing or newly introduced tests.

> - [ ] I have updated the API documentation as part of the package doc-strings, or this is not necessary.

Reviewer: As a reviewer I think the “or not necessary” language is potentially unclear. “Not necessary” is sometimes a subjective decision, whereas the existing criteria of updating docs/tests is more objective (did or did not change). Is there a way to make all the criteria more objective?

Reviewer 2: I think we can completely drop this item, because the presence and correct formatting of doc-strings should ideally be enforced by a linter. There is simply no scenario where checking this box is either not necessary or provides significant value IMO. The same is not true for the next item (see comment below).

> - [ ] I have created a separate pull request to update the [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) on [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) and linked it here, or this is not necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have created a separate pull request to update the [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) on [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) and linked it here. / No change to the framework documentation needed (see below for guidance).
```

Here is a first _crude_ attempt at this guidance:

> #### Guidance on [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io) updates:
>
> - Any change that affects user-facing features (labeled `enhancement`) must be documented.
> - Breaking changes (labeled `breaking`) may require a revision.
> - Changes that are only affecting purely internal components do not require an update.

Author: I've revised these guidelines and made the checklist item start by determining if an update is needed.

- [ ] My name is on the [list of contributors](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/contributors.yaml).
- [ ] My code follows the [code style guideline](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#code-style) of this project.
- [ ] The changes introduced by this pull request are covered by existing or newly introduced tests.

> - [ ] If this PR changes user-facing features or breaks things, I have created a separate pull request to update the [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) on [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) at: glotzerlab/signac-docs/pull#**XXX**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If this PR changes user-facing features or breaks existing APIs, I have created a separate pull request to update the [framework documentation](https://docs.signac.io/) on [signac-docs](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs) and included a link here.
```
